feat: poc salesforce backup tables (#122)
cds-snc/data-lake: docs/data/catalog/bes/crm/salesforce.md

# BES / CRM / Salesforce

BES stands for Business Enablement Services (a CDS directorate).

CRM stands for Customer Relationship Management.

Dataset providing [CDS Salesforce](https://canadiandigitalservice.my.salesforce.com/) CRM data for CDS products and services.

This dataset is represented in [Superset](https://superset.cds-snc.ca/) as the Physical dataset `bes_crm_salesforce`.

`Keywords`: Platform, Salesforces, crm, account

---

[:information_source:  View the data pipeline](../../../pipelines/bes/crm/salesforce.md)

## Provenance

> This dataset is extracted daily using a Salesforce python script running in GitHUb.  Each day the extract process downloads most Salesfoce tables from the CDS instance and upload them to an S3 bucket.  These tabels get overriden every day. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset is extracted daily using a Salesforce Python script running in a GitHub workflow.  Each day the extract process downloads most Salesforce tables from the CDS instance and uploads them to an S3 bucket.  These table extracts get overridden every day. 
```
